Directory "geometry" contains a number of subdirectoies, each of which contain
files for a specific geometry and the generation of its meshes.

Directory "case" contains model input files necessary to run the model, other
than those required to build the meshes.

Script "installGeomtry" can be used to import the mesh-making files from one of
the geometry subdirectories to a case directory.  See the USAGE line in the
script.  The script "installGeomtry" uses the script "clearGeometry".

The out-of-box "case" files are unlikely to fully conform to the user's needs, 
and should be modified accordingly.  The following list shows a few details.

    run mode ..................... galvanostatic
    mean current density ......... 4000 A/m^2
    inlet air velocity vector .... [1 0 0]
    inlet fuel velocity vector ... [1 0 0]
    air species .................. O2, N2  (YO2 = 0.233, YN2 = 0.767 at inlet)
    fuel species ................. H2 H2O  (YH2 = 0.782, YH2O = 0.218 at inlet)
    inlet gas temperature ........ 1000K
    inlet gas properties ......... consistent with composition and temperature
                                   (using NIST webbook)

The fields in the "0" directory are defined on the global mesh.  They are subset
to the region meshes during mesh splitting.
Note that the given fluid velocity vectors are consistent only with a co-flow 
configuration.

In each geometry subdirectory there is a Makefile which can be used to easily
build the meshes and run the model.  The Makefile targets of most immediate
interest to the user are:
    Allser:
    Allpar:
    mesh:
    parprep:
    runpar:
    runser:
    reconstruct:
    view:


SERIAL RUN
---------
To build the meshes, run the code in serial from the command line, and generate
the VTK files for viewing:
    make Allser
This is equivalent to the sequence
    make mesh
    make runser
    make view
To submit the run to a queue, first
    make mesh
and then submit a script to your queue.
On completion of the run:
    make view


PARALLEL RUN
------------
Set the environment variable NPROCS to the desired number of processors.
Ensure consistency with parameters in system/decomposeParDict.

To build the meshes, run the code in parallel from the command line, and
generate the VTK files for viewing:
    make Allpar
This is equivalent to the sequence
    make mesh
    make parprep
    make reconstruct
    make view
To submit the run to a queue, first
    make mesh
    make parprep
and then submit a script to your queue.
On completion of the run:
    make reconstruct
    make view
